Sync open-iscsi installation with the YAML file (#568)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.1.1/deploy/install/_index.md

```
yum install iscsi-initiator-utils

> echo "InitiatorName=$(/sbin/iscsi-iname)" > /etc/iscsi/initiatorname.iscsi

Reviewer: The above command is not right, and take this time to update as below as well.

`yum --setopt=tsflags=noscripts install iscsi-initiator-utils`

Reviewer: Also, some words need to change as well.

`For RHEL, CentOS, and EKS with EKS Kubernetes Worker AMI with AmazonLinux2 image, use below commands:`

Author: Modified. Thanks.

```

> Make sure the iscsid service is enabled and started after open-iscsi installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the `iscsid` service is enabled and started after `iscsi-initiator-utils` is installed.
```

Author: Use **iSCSI tool package** instead of `iscsi-initiator-utils` for all Linux distributions?
@innobead WDYT?

Reviewer: I was misled by different distro parts. Yeah, sounds good to me.
